Phone,"Communication object that allows you to make calls and send messages."
TV,"Electronic device used for audiovisual content visualization."
Laptop,"Portable computer used for work and entertainment."
Knife,"Sharp tool used mainly to cut food."
Cup,"Container used to drink liquids
Dish,"Flat container used to serve food."
Chair,"Backup furniture used to sit."
Table,"Furniture with a flat surface and legs used to place objects."
Pen,"Writing instrument with ink."
Lamp,"Device that emits light
Clock,"Device used to measure time."
Fan,"Device that generates air current to refresh an environment."
Speaker,"Device that amplifies and reproduces sound."
Microwave,"Appliance that uses electromagnetic waves to heat food."
Fridge,"Appliance used to keep fresh food at low temperatures."
Washing machine,"Appliances used to wash clothes automatically."
Dryer,"Appliances used to dry clothes after washing it."
Iron,"Device used to smooth and remove wrinkles from clothes."
Oven,"Appliance used to cook food at high temperatures."
Control,"Device that allows to operate and control other electronic devices."
Earphones,"Devices that are placed in the ears to listen to sound private."
Printer,"Device that produces printed copies of documents and photos."
Calculator,"Device used to perform mathematical calculations."
Notebook,"Notebook used to take notes and write."
Scissors,"Tool with two sharp leaves that are used to cut materials."
Brush,"Surs tool used to unravel and comb the hair."
Mirror,"Reflective surface used to see the reflection of oneself."
Bottle,"Cylindrical container used to store liquids."
Umbrella,"Portable object used to protect from the rain."
Battery,"Device that stores energy and provides electricity to other devices."
Flashlight,"Portable device emits light
Key,"Tool used to open or close locks."
Padlock,"Security device used to ensure objects and spaces."
Toy,"Object used by children to play."
T-shirt,"Informal clothing that covers the torso."
Glasses,"Optical device used to correct or protect the view."
Briefcase,"Accessory used to carry money and personal documents."
Bag,"Flexible container used to transport personal objects."
Hat,"Garner that is used in the head to protect from the sun or fashion."
Shoes,"Gar on dress that covers and protects the feet."
Belt,"Accessory used to adjust and secure clothes at the waist."
Book,"Set of printed or written leaves that bind together and form a work."
Magazine,"Periodic publication containing articles
Frame,"Structure that surrounds and supports an image
Camera,"Device used to capture images and videos."
Spoon,"Kitchen utensil used to eat or serve liquid or semiquid foods."
Pencil sharpener,"Tool used to sharpen pencils."
Eraser,"Tool used to erase pencil marks."
Marker,"Writing instrument used to make thick and permanent strokes."
Key ring,"The keychain is a small accessory used to carry and organize keys."
Rug,"The carpet is a fabric that is placed on the ground for decoration or comfort."
Flowerpot,"The pot is a container used to plant and grow plants."
Bicycle,"The bicycle is a two -wheeled vehicle driven by pedals."
Thermos,"The thermos is an isolated container that keeps hot or cold liquids for longer."
